b'<div class="question-description">\n<p><p>\r\nThere are a total of <i>n</i> courses you have to take, labeled from <code>0</code> to <code>n - 1</code>.</p>\n<p>Some courses may have prerequisites, for example to take course 0 you have to first take course 1, which is expressed as a pair: <code>[0,1]</code></p>\n<p>\r\nGiven the total number of courses and a list of prerequisite <b>pairs</b>, return the ordering of courses you should take to finish all courses.</p>\n<p>There may be multiple correct orders, you just need to return one of them. If it is impossible to finish all courses, return an empty array.\r\n</p>\n<p>For example:</p>\n<pre>2, [[1,0]]</pre>\n<p>There are a total of 2 courses to take. To take course 1 you should have finished course 0. So the correct course order is <code>[0,1]</code></p>\n<pre>4, [[1,0],[2,0],[3,1],[3,2]]</pre>\n<p>There are a total of 4 courses to take. To take course 3 you should have finished both courses 1 and 2. Both courses 1 and 2 should be taken after you finished course 0. So one correct course order is <code>[0,1,2,3]</code>. Another correct ordering is<code>[0,2,1,3]</code>.</p>\n<p><b>Note:</b><br/>\n<ol>\n<li>The input prerequisites is a graph represented by <b>a list of edges</b>, not adjacency matrices. Read more about <a href="https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-science/algorithms/graph-representation/a/representing-graphs" target="_blank">how a graph is represented</a>.</li>\n<li>You may assume that there are no duplicate edges in the input prerequisites.</li>\n</ol>\n</p>\n<p class="showspoilers"><a href="#" onclick="showSpoilers(this); return false;">click to show more hints.</a></p>\n<div class="spoilers"><b>Hints:</b>\n<ol>\n<li>This problem is equivalent to finding the topological order in a directed graph. If a cycle exists, no topological ordering exists and therefore it will be impossible to take all courses.</li>\n<li><a href="https://class.coursera.org/algo-003/lecture/52" target="_blank">Topological Sort via DFS</a> - A great video tutorial (21 minutes) on Coursera explaining the basic concepts of Topological Sort.</li>\n<li>Topological sort could also be done via <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topological_sorting#Algorithms" target="_blank">BFS</a>.</li>\n</ol>\n</div></p>\n</div>'