b'<div class="question-description">\n<p><p>Think about Zuma Game. You have a row of balls on the table, colored red(R), yellow(Y), blue(B), green(G), and white(W). You also have several balls in your hand.</p>\n<p>\r\nEach time, you may choose a ball in your hand, and insert it into the row (including the leftmost place and rightmost place). Then, if there is a group of 3 or more balls in the same color touching, remove these balls. Keep doing this until no more balls can be removed.</p>\n<p>\r\nFind the minimal balls you have to insert to remove all the balls on the table. If you cannot remove all the balls, output -1.\r\n</p>\n<pre>\r\n<p><b>Examples:</b><br/>\r\n<b>Input:</b> "WRRBBW", "RB"\r\n<b>Output:</b> -1\r\n<b>Explanation:</b> WRRBBW -&gt; WRR[R]BBW -&gt; WBBW -&gt; WBB[B]W -&gt; WW\r\n\r\n<b>Input:</b> "WWRRBBWW", "WRBRW"\r\n<b>Output:</b> 2\r\n<b>Explanation:</b> WWRRBBWW -&gt; WWRR[R]BBWW -&gt; WWBBWW -&gt; WWBB[B]WW -&gt; WWWW -&gt; empty\r\n\r\n<b>Input:</b>"G", "GGGGG"\r\n<b>Output:</b> 2\r\n<b>Explanation:</b> G -&gt; G[G] -&gt; GG[G] -&gt; empty \r\n\r\n<b>Input:</b> "RBYYBBRRB", "YRBGB"\r\n<b>Output:</b> 3\r\n<b>Explanation:</b> RBYYBBRRB -&gt; RBYY[Y]BBRRB -&gt; RBBBRRB -&gt; RRRB -&gt; B -&gt; B[B] -&gt; BB[B] -&gt; empty \r\n</p></pre>\n</p>\n<p><b>Note:</b><br/>\n<ol>\n<li>You may assume that the initial row of balls on the table won\xe2\x80\x99t have any 3 or more consecutive balls with the same color.</li>\n<li>The number of balls on the table won\'t exceed 20, and the string represents these balls is called "board" in the input.</li>\n<li>The number of balls in your hand won\'t exceed 5, and the string represents these balls is called "hand" in the input.</li>\n<li>Both input strings will be non-empty and only contain characters \'R\',\'Y\',\'B\',\'G\',\'W\'.</li>\n</ol>\n</p></div>'