b'<div class="question-description">\n<p><p>Implement <span style="font-family:monospace">atoi</span> to convert a string to an integer.</p>\n<p><b>Hint:</b> Carefully consider all possible input cases. If you want a challenge, please do not see below and ask yourself what are the possible input cases.</p>\n<p>\n<b>Notes:</b> \r\nIt is intended for this problem to be specified vaguely (ie, no given input specs). You are responsible to gather all the input requirements up front. </p>\n<p>\n<b><font color="red">Update (2015-02-10):</font></b><br/>\r\nThe signature of the <code>C++</code> function had been updated. If you still see your function signature accepts a <code>const char *</code> argument, please click the reload button <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-refresh"></span> to reset your code definition.\r\n</p>\n<p class="showspoilers"><a href="#" onclick="showSpoilers(this); return false;">spoilers alert... click to show requirements for atoi.</a></p>\n<div class="spoilers"><b>Requirements for atoi:</b>\n<p>The function first discards as many whitespace characters as necessary until the first non-whitespace character is found. Then, starting from this character, takes an optional initial plus or minus sign followed by as many numerical digits as possible, and interprets them as a numerical value.</p>\n<p>The string can contain additional characters after those that form the integral number, which are ignored and have no effect on the behavior of this function.</p>\n<p>If the first sequence of non-whitespace characters in str is not a valid integral number, or if no such sequence exists because either str is empty or it contains only whitespace characters, no conversion is performed.</p>\n<p>If no valid conversion could be performed, a zero value is returned. If the correct value is out of the range of representable values, INT_MAX (2147483647) or INT_MIN (-2147483648) is returned.\r\n</p>\n</div></p>\n</div>'