b'<div class="question-description">\n<p><p>\r\nIn LLP world, there is a hero called Teemo and his attacking can make his enemy Ashe be in poisoned condition. Now, given the Teemo\'s attacking <b>ascending</b> time series towards Ashe and the poisoning time duration per Teemo\'s attacking, you need to output the total time that Ashe is in poisoned condition.\r\n</p>\n<p>You may assume that Teemo attacks at the very beginning of a specific time point, and makes Ashe be in poisoned condition immediately.</p>\n<p><b>Example 1:</b><br/>\n<pre>\r\n<b>Input:</b> [1,4], 2\r\n<b>Output:</b> 4\r\n<b>Explanation:</b> At time point 1, Teemo starts attacking Ashe and makes Ashe be poisoned immediately. <br/>This poisoned status will last 2 seconds until the end of time point 2. <br/>And at time point 4, Teemo attacks Ashe again, and causes Ashe to be in poisoned status for another 2 seconds. <br/>So you finally need to output 4.\r\n</pre>\n</p>\n<p><b>Example 2:</b><br/>\n<pre>\r\n<b>Input:</b> [1,2], 2\r\n<b>Output:</b> 3\r\n<b>Explanation:</b> At time point 1, Teemo starts attacking Ashe and makes Ashe be poisoned. <br/>This poisoned status will last 2 seconds until the end of time point 2. <br/>However, at the beginning of time point 2, Teemo attacks Ashe again who is already in poisoned status. <br/>Since the poisoned status won\'t add up together, though the second poisoning attack will still work at time point 2, it will stop at the end of time point 3. <br/>So you finally need to output 3.\r\n</pre>\n</p>\n<p><b>Note:</b><br/>\n<ol>\n<li>You may assume the length of given time series array won\'t exceed 10000.</li>\n<li>You may assume the numbers in the Teemo\'s attacking time series and his poisoning time duration per attacking are non-negative integers, which won\'t exceed 10,000,000.</li>\n</ol>\n</p></p>\n</div>'