b'<div class="question-description">\n<p><style>\r\ntable.dungeon, .dungeon th, .dungeon td {\r\n  border:3px solid black;\r\n}\r\n\r\n .dungeon th, .dungeon td {\r\n    text-align: center;\r\n    height: 70px;\r\n    width: 70px;\r\n}\r\n</style>\n<p>The demons had captured the princess (<b>P</b>) and imprisoned her in the bottom-right corner of a dungeon. The dungeon consists of M x N rooms laid out in a 2D grid. Our valiant knight (<b>K</b>) was initially positioned in the top-left room and must fight his way through the dungeon to rescue the princess. </p>\n<p>The knight has an initial health point represented by a positive integer. If at any point his health point drops to 0 or below, he dies immediately. </p>\n<p>Some of the rooms are guarded by demons, so the knight loses health (<i>negative</i> integers) upon entering these rooms; \r\nother rooms are either empty (<i>0\'s</i>) or contain magic orbs that increase the knight\'s health (<i>positive</i> integers).</p>\n<p>In order to reach the princess as quickly as possible, the knight decides to move only rightward or downward in each step. </p>\n<br/>\n<p><b>Write a function to determine the knight\'s minimum initial health so that he is able to rescue the princess.</b></p>\n<p>For example, given the dungeon below, the initial health of the knight must be at least <b>7</b> if he follows the optimal path <code>RIGHT-&gt; RIGHT -&gt; DOWN -&gt; DOWN</code>.</p>\n<table class="dungeon">\n<tr>\n<td>-2 (K)</td>\n<td>-3</td>\n<td>3</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>-5</td>\n<td>-10</td>\n<td>1</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>10</td>\n<td>30</td>\n<td>-5 (P)</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n<!---2K   -3  3\r\n-5   -10   1\r\n10 30   5P-->\n<br/>\n<p><b>Notes:</b>\n<ul>\n<li>The knight\'s health has no upper bound.</li>\n<li>Any room can contain threats or power-ups, even the first room the knight enters and the bottom-right room where the princess is imprisoned.  </li>\n</ul>\n</p>\n<p><b>Credits:</b><br>Special thanks to <a href="https://oj.leetcode.com/discuss/user/stellari">@stellari</a> for adding this problem and creating all test cases.</br></p></p>\n</div>'